Pull request for upgrade-note-2109 (#382)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/uc-doc/upgrade/upgrade_notes.md

title: Upgrade notes
---

## 21.09 {#21-09}

> - It's now mandatory to have the access you want to assign to another resource (i.e. users/groups).

Reviewer: "You are now required to have the same access you are attempting to assign to another resource (i.e. users/groups)." ?

> - It's now mandatory to have the access you want to assign to another resource (i.e. users/groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are now required to have the same access you are attempting to assign to another resource (i.e. users/groups).
```
